{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red245\green245\blue245;\red10\green0\blue109;\red28\green28\blue28;
\red82\green35\blue83;\red11\green101\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://siliconangle.com/blog/2012/06/15/geoffrey-moore-discusses-big-data/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 http://siliconangle.com/blog/2012/06/15/geoffrey-moore-discusses-big-data/}}
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.stateofdigital.com/top-15-of-eric-schmidts-remarkable-quotes/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://www.stateofdigital.com/top-15-of-eric-schmidts-remarkable-quotes/}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Laney, Douglas. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.gartner.com/doug-laney/files/2012/01/ad949-3D-Data-Management-Controlling-Data-Volume-Velocity-and-Variety.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"3D Data Management: Controlling Data Volume, Velocity and Variety"}} 
\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(PDF)
\fs20 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. Gartner. Retrieved 6 February 2001\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl403

\fs26 \cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Hilbert, Martin. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.martinhilbert.net/big-data-for-development"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Big Data for Development: A Review of Promises and Challenges. Development Policy Review."}}. 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
martinhilbert.net
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. Retrieved2015-10-07.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://datawarehouse4u.info/ETL-process.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://datawarehouse4u.info/ETL-process.html}}\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/E/ETL.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/E/ETL.html}}\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.zdnet.com/article/rdbms-vs-nosql-how-do-you-pick/"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://www.zdnet.com/article/rdbms-vs-nosql-how-do-you-pick/}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Government consultation papers to inform the debate on new policy and laws. Department of Health (2004) Choosing Health: making healthier choices easier. CM6374. London, TSO (The Stationery Office). Department for Education (2010) The importance of teaching: the schools White Paper 2010. [Online] CM7980. London, The Stationery Office. Available from: https://www.education.gov.uk/ publications//eOrderingDownload/CM-7980.pdf [Accessed 27 May 2011]. - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3.amazonaws.com/info-mongodb-com/10gen_Top_5_NoSQL_Considerations.pdf"}}{\fldrslt https://s3.amazonaws.com/info-mongodb-com/10gen_Top_5_NoSQL_Considerations.pdf}}\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dev.assets.neo4j.com.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/image04.png"}}{\fldrslt http://dev.assets.neo4j.com.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/image04.png}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl403

\f0\fs26 \cf4 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Neo Technology. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://neo4j.com/product/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc5 "Neo4j Graph Database"}}. Retrieved November 4, 2015.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://neo4j.com/developer/graph-database/"}}{\fldrslt http://neo4j.com/developer/graph-database/}}\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs28 \cf7 \cb8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 1] Bard JBL, Kaufman MH, Dubreuil C, Brune RM, Burger A, Baldock RA, Davidson DR (1998). [http://www.emouseatlas.org/emap/about/PDF/Bard
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 IAdbase.pdf?cmd=Retrieve&db=PubMed&list
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 uids=9651497&dopt=abstract An internet-accessible database of mouse developmental anatomy based on a systematic nomenclature.] Mech Dev 74, 111-120.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb8 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 [2] Little MH, Brennan J, Georgas K, Davies JA, Davidson DR, Baldock RA, Beverdam A, Bertram JF, Capel B, Chiu HS, Clements D, Cullen-McEwen L, Fleming J, Gilbert T, Herzlinger D, Houghton D, Kaufman MH, Kleymenova E, Koopman PA, Lewis AG, McMahon AP, Mendelsohn CL, Mitchell EK, Rumballe BA, Sweeney DE, Valerius MT, Yamada G, Yang Y, Yu J (2007). [http://www.emouseatlas.org/emap/about/PDF/Little_murineGT.pdf A high-resolution anatomical ontology of the developing murine genitourinary tract.] Gene Exp Patterns 7, 680-99.\cb1 \
}